this is the Crowne Plaza Syracuse New
York and why has an end because they
used to be the marks in Turkey
we're going to do a Tele tour that's in
608 they have three lap and lock
acceleration here's a card
I already clever boredom in it
Crown Plaza searches media just got in
here
there's the Crowne Plaza logo it has two
beds um these are definitely Queen check
out this week okay there's your phone
paper under here - director service
there's the TV what is this
I don't ice bucket side look at this and
look at what when we got in that gave us
a gift basket with them earplugs here
you can see the downtown skyline is
route 92 Genesee Street you can see the
University in the distance Children's
Hospital there's University oh they even
give you a phone book there's a coffee
maker to let you know there's two cups
thermometer
instant fluorescent light just watch it
sink
here's a shower
comes out feel that nice towels
it's a color will flush it okay
loo turn any look at they even give you
a nightlight
but OH
Bethan no just regular light boss seat
with a big mirror here oh there's a
connecting door for us like oh there's
some here let me turn on the light here
umm iron ironing board
come closer look at this this is the
first hotel to have a say some other
stuff
so this is this is room 608 at the
Crowne Plaza Syracuse New York that used
to be the marks in Syracuse so that's it